*
news bulletin *
first
bingo inc otcbb : fbgo . ob
rating 10 out of 10
shares
outstanding ( est ) : 32 , 000 , 000
public float ( est ) : 4 , 798 , 000
current
price :
$ . 39
6
month price projection :
$ 1 . 80
52
week high
$ 1 . 40
wanna be a millionaire
breaking
news
fbgo teams up
the outrageous
demonstrated the public ' s appetite for inovative trivia based game shows .
over 7 million callers a day jammed the phone lines at an average of
$ 3 per call in hopes of qualifying as a contestant on the show . fbgo
most recognized game , trivia , television , and the wor wide web . potential
of mammoth proportions with multiple revenue streams .
market
potential
bingo is the
world ' s most recognized page ! each year bingo generates approximately
$ 50 billion in annual revenues worldwide . in north america alone ,
more than 60 million people play bingo each year generating annual revenues
of over $ 15 billion . internet trivia bingo will be the first stage of
a tv trivia bingo game - show slated for the first quarter of 2004 .
for tv trivia bingo .
recent
developements
16 , 2003 ( primezone ) - - first bingo ( otc bb : fbgo . ob - news ) is pleased
skill - based game triviabingo in conjunction with the second city television
first quarter of 2004 .
6 , 2003 ( primezone ) - - mr . richard wachter , president of first bingo ( otc
has approved a dividend for its common shares .
3 , 2003 ( primezone ) - - first bingo ( otc bb : fbgo . ob - news ) is pleased
city entertainment , the birthplace of such stars as mike myers , john
emmy award winning sctv series .
corporate
snapshot
first bingois a
u . s . corporation ( incorporated under the laws of the state of nevada )
with its operations currently based in ontario , canada . first bingois
a u . s . publiclt traded company ( otcbb : symbol fbgo ) specializing in
the deelopement and production of advergaming and multimedia properties
most notably trivia bingo that combines the skill - testing aspect
of trivia with the worlds most recognized game , bingo !
revenue
streams
natioal and
regional sponsors of the internet trivia bingo and tv trivia bingo
video terminals
revenues via sales and royalty agreements . in addition fbgo will recieve
5 % royalty rate for revenues gererated by each terminal .
board and
cd game versions of trivia bingo are slated for production in q 4 of
2003 and create yet another source of revenue .
final
considerations
35 . 1 million
people played online games in the year 2000 . that number is expected
online games
are growing at a rate of 25 % annually .
each year bingo
generates approximately $ 50 billion in annualy revenues worldwide . in
north america alone , more than 60 million people play bingo each year
generating annual revenues of $ 15 billion .
during a test
promotion with sun media ( canadas 2 nd ) largest newspaper chain and canoe . ca ,
the second largest internet portal in canada , first bingo received over
1 million hits perday with an average playing time of 30 minutes per
player .
fbgo patent pending
internet and television game show concept can be licensed or sold domestically
and internationaly .
* * * * * * *
important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * *
is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this report
is provided as an information service only , and the statements and opinions
not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment .
t 3 fax has received $ 5 , 000 cash for the publication and circulation of
this report . this report contains forward - looking statements , which
