dr . nkem george .
bank of the north ,
lagos , nigeria .
my dear friend ,
i am dr . nkem george . , branch manager with bank of
i have an urgent and very profitable business
proposition for you that should be handled with
extreme confidentiality .
on january 6 , 1999 a foreign oil consultant and
corporation ( nnpc ) mr . james herbert by name made a
numbered time fixed deposit for twelve calendar months
valued at us $ 38 . 6 m ( thirty eight million , six hundred
united states dollars only ) in my branch .
upon maturity i sent a routine notification in
address but got no reply .
after a month we sent a reminder and finally we
national petroleum corporation ( nnpc ) that mr . james
on further investigation , we found out that he died
next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further
investigations and discovered that mr . james herbert
did not declare any next of kin or relations in all
his official documents including his bank deposit
paperwork in my bank .
this sum of us $ 38 . 6 m has been carefully moved out of
safekeeping .
fund .
you as the next of kin of our late client thereby
making you the legal beneficiary of the sum of $ 38 . 6
million u . s dollars that is presently in a security
company in europe .
i contacted you because it is against our code of
security company in europe .
we have unanimously agreed that 25 % of the entire sum
profitable transaction , 70 % for me and 2 of my
back the expenses that may be incurred during the
course of the transaction by both parties after the
fund has been claimed and lodged in your account .
in the event that you are genuinely interested in the
transaction , the following information would be needed
establish you as the next of kin of our late client
thereby making you the legal beneficiary of the fund .
this would ensure that the security company in europe
2 ) your private mobile , telphone and fax numbers where
you can be reached at all time because this
transaction entails constant communication .
the transaction is 100 % risk free as all modalities
the transaction .
if you are interested , send the requested information
via email
i await your response urgently .
regards ,
dr . nkem george .
.
