$ 9 . 20 , a gain of over 670 % in 5 days ( feb 12 - 17 ) ! ! !
we have ever featured and should outperform all other picks this year based
on their sales figures ( incl . a backlog of over $ 100 million ) , incredibly solid
life energy and technology holdings , inc .
( otcbb : leth )
current price : 2 . 45
near - term target : 7 . 00
projected high for ' 04 : 15 . 00
subscribers for substantial profits immediately !
sales orders received by leth exceed $ 150 million over the past year
line . leth has experienced a recent spike in price and volume indicating
electrical energy , an industry with such high global demand that it is
( mar 9 ' 04 ) urgent news update :
procura international limited for $ 14 million with an option for the sale of
an additional 98 systems over the next 24 months .
solving a dual crisis - waste and energy :
leth is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere
global waste problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process
solid waste , agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of
( mar 3 ' 04 ) leth release major product delivery and net profit news
leth delivered 12 biosphere process systems which resulted in a net profit
share which is the balance of this completed contract over the next 6 months .
pe of 18 - 22 .
examining leth - by the numbers
cash : 23 . 4 million = . 80 cents per share of cash
shares retired in feb . ' 04
estimated shares in float : 7 million
completed biosphere process systems now in operation : 26
record backlog of sales for leth :
during the past year , over 20 additional biosphere process systems have
been ordered , which upon completion represents a backlog exceeding over
$ 100 million in upcoming sales . many of these contractual agreements
include options for the purchase of additional biosphere systems in the
low - float , emerging industry leader at an average sale price of $ 7 million
per biosphere process system !
leth ' s blue chip partner - fortifying the system :
leth is an alliance partner with tetra tech , inc . ( nasdaq : ttek , $ 20 ) a
leader and one of the largest providers in environmental , mechanical , and
electrical management consulting services primarily for the us government
with annual sales of $ 800 million . tetra tech will coordinate the securing of
biosphere process system for leth . tetra tech is now in the process of
obtaining department of environmental quality permitting for the
biosphere process in the state of louisiana . this is a monumental event for
leth which opens the floodgates for major project revenues in louisiana
term announcement .
batches of very significant news announcements regarding successfully
completed sales contracts early in the calendar year . we feel that pattern is
repeating itself as evidenced by what has just been released with some very
simultaneously containing all the ingredients for major profits as global
unprecedented levels .
some or all investment dollars can be lost . we suggest you consult a
expressed on the featured company are the opinions of mmsr . mmsr
recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point
for conducting your own research and your own due diligence on the
company before investing . mmsr is not an investment advisor , financial
not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies .
unaffiliated third party for the preparation of this company profile . since we
have received compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our
place undue reliance on forward looking statements , which are based on
certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and
in the forward looking statements .
mb nlz
