c . d . financial newsletter
alert :
strong buy
news alert * * * * * * * * 3 / 25 / 2004 4 : 00 pm est
enclosed trailers *
price $ 1 . 25
shares out : 26 million
market capitalization : $ 24 million
significant revenue growth in 2004
rating : strong buy
7 days trading target : $ 2 . 00
30 day trading target : $ 3 . 50
* * strong buy alert * * strong
buy alert * *
company ) markets a unique air spring suspension system , air spring axlet
the ground , greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be
loaded and unloaded . an aggressive commercialization schedule may bring
profitability by mid 2004 .
roof . as one of our subscribers you already probably reaped the benefits of our
china world trade corp ( cwtd ) recommendation 2 weeks ago . cwtd rose 900 % in
only 3 days and all of our subscribers turned a quick buck ! don ' t delay

company ) markets a unique air spring suspension system , airspring axle , that
ground , greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be
loaded and unloaded

sized trailers are sold annually in the us .

management estimates that the
initial market for the company ' s air spring axle system is $ 10 - $ 15 million .
there are thousands of trailer rental locations in the us , and the system can
with a leading home improvement conducting a four - month test of 50 trailers .

collaborate with them on marketing efforts . management expects licensing fees of
$ 200 - $ 300 per trailer .

positive by the end of 2004 . an
aggressive multi - media marketing effort is underway , and rental fleet sales and
raised approximately $ 1 . 3 million in equity capital .

the company has begun
aggressively marketing its product
preempt any competition or patent infringements .

individual consumers , car and truck rental agencies , and
trailer rental locations in the u . s . , including true value hardware ,
with 4 , 100 rental locations ; united rentals , with 550 locations ;
and home depot , with 520 locations .

estimates that the near - term domestic market for the air spring axlet is 50 , 000
overhead is low , and initial margins should exceed 30 % . commercialization is
positive by year - end 2004

raised approximately $ 1 . 26 million in equity
financing through december 2003 , management expects that this cash will cover
all important rollout operations and support the commercialization of the air
spring axlet until breakeven is reached .
the
rental and specialty trailer market
the 1992 census indicated that there are
approximately 15 million small and medium sized trailers in the u . s . , and that
manufacturer , wells cargo , suggests that the market may be two million trailers
value hardware , with 4 , 100 rental locations ; united rentals , with 550 locations ;
and home depot , with 520 locations .
do not waste
successful . a track record of years of business is just the kind of foundation a
disclaimer :
verify all claims and do your own due diligence . apple investments , inc profiles
be made only with accompanying disclosure documents and only in the states and
provinces for which they are approved . all statements and expressions are the
investments , inc is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or
subscribers . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be
discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any
profiles is provided as an information service only . the accuracy or
completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as reliable as the
cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a
compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , apple investments , inc
be fully disclosed in each profile . apple investments , inc has been compensated
twenty thousand dollars cash for the dissemination for this report , by a third
party . neither apple investments , inc nor any of its affiliates , or employees
information piece , caused in whole or part by its negligence or contingencies
beyond its control in procuring , compiling , interpreting , reporting or
delivering this e mail and any contents the reader should verify all claims and
do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned .
investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . the
information found in this home page is protected by the copyright laws of the
united states and may not be copied , or reproduced in any way without the
