life energy and technology holdings , inc .
( otcbb : leth )
of the environmentally friendly biosphere process system
we are expecting earth - shattering upcoming news leading a strong
rally in leth for a company that has announced over $ 100 million
achievement by acquiring the equivalent of $ 8 . 62 per share in
cash for major worldwide expansion .
* * our readers grabbed substantial profits for our march pick * *
ushg featured at . 75
reached 3 . 65 in 8 days !
traded as high as 7 . 00 since !
the biosphere process system - soaring worldwide demand :
leth is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their
which makes a major impact on the global waste problem . this
green electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste ,
agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge
replenish the local or national grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in filling an urgent worldwide need
for cost - effective renewable energy sources and a corresponding
leth has secured worldwide acceptance for a revolutionary product
failures .
financing of $ 250 million positions leth for astronomical sales :
the magnitude of this financing package goes much deeper than the
$ 8 . 62 per common share in cash . there are 26 biosphere process
systems presently in operation worldwide . the available funding
in that the average sale price is $ 7 million per biosphere . we
a potential $ 700 , 000 , 000 in future sales with 29 million shares
outstanding !
current price : 1 . 80
near - term target : 4 . 80
projected high for ' 04 : 12 . 50
leth ' s blue chip partner - fortifying the system :
leth is an alliance partner with tetra tech , inc . ( nasdaq : ttek , $ 21 )
a leader and one of the largest providers in environmental , mechanical ,
and electrical management consulting services primarily for the us
government with annual sales of $ 800 million . tetra tech will
coordinate the securing of necessary permits , installation , and
for leth . tetra tech is now in the process of obtaining department
of environmental quality permitting for the biosphere process in
the state of louisiana . this is a monumental event for leth which
opens the floodgates for major project revenues in louisiana while
near - term announcement .
political power fosters rapid global expansion :
leth has captured the profit - making attention of both us and
chairman of leth , who is also the former prime minister of ireland .
dr . reynolds international stature has been instrumental in guiding
uncommon value for a company of this caliber :
we are witnessing a breakout year in the making judging by the
frequency of recently announced sales contracts for the biosphere ,
the impressive backlog of over $ 100 million in sales orders , and
the company ' s very solid financial position . we view this perfectly
timed convergence of events as the catalyst for additional
contracts that will perpetuate the shattering of the company ' s
the continuation of strong positive developments that will
ignite leth shares which carry our highest rating for short - term
trading profits followed by robust long - term capital gains .
high - risk investments and that some or all investment dollars can
be lost . we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor
here as an initial starting point for conducting your own
research and your own due diligence on the featured company in
and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice
is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer
for the preparation of this company profile . since we have
received compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
statements , which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that
in the forward looking statements .
hfu ke hg y dc lfl fuz
wwolytile
zoxqmrvko kgst glkdss
tqagfgexdcnv eka
