dear sir ,
assistance in the context stated below : may i first introduce my self : i am
dr . ( mrs . ) mariam abacha , the wife of late general sani abacha ( former
military head of state and president of the federal republic of nigeria )
who died suddenly on 8 th june 1998 . i got your contact on the internet as
i was making contact for a honest foreigner who will help save my life and my children ,
hence our country has been frustrating us since the death of my husband .
i have lost confidence with anybody within the country .
having noted the confidence reposed on your person ,
the sum of us $ 20 million secretly willed in my favour by the late general
( my husband ) .
this money was kept in a security company in amsterdam holland and i have
all documents with me as of when it was deposited in a security vault for
avoid it been spent by unauthorized persons .
organisation family support program ( f . s . p ) . i will enlighten you more of this
non - speculative investments in your country . however , the current civilian
administration of retired general olusegun obasanjo ( the president of the
federal republic of nigeria ) is seeking vengeance on the abacha family
because of the life prison jail sentence confirmed on him by my late
husband while in office . in pursuit of this vendetta , the present government have
various bank accounts of my husband in swizerland , uk , australia . in fact ,
seizing our travelling passport , family accounts and even trying some members of our
family in court for offences allegedly committed by my late husband .
family trustee have secretly protected the will , the security company has
amount , hence the reason why i have chosen you and hope that you will come
co - operation . in the meantime , there is a travelling embargo on us ( the whole
family members ) and our local accounts are seized . we are currently living
on goodwill of people who believe we cannot be held responsible for the
sins
compensate you sincerely for your candid effort in this regard with 25 % of
your favour , while 10 % has been set aside for any expenses you might incur
you . ) during the process of securing this consignment . the remaining 65 % will be invested meaningfully for my
children ' s future . my cousin ( dr . yemi musa ) has perfected arrangements with
the trust company concerned and has been assured 100 % risk free and safe
company where this money is being deposited and claim it as the bona - fide
owner . and in due course , all contacts must be made through
dr yemi musa through this e - mail : address yemimusa 2 @ hotvoice . com and
phone : 00221 512 48 59 . senegal .
you for your co - operation . in view of all above
co - operation highly confidential .
best wishes ,
mrs . mariam abacha .
