nathaniel energy ( 0 tcbb : necx )
revenues ql 2004 : $ 3 , 346 , 792 vs . ql 2003 : $ 104 , 915
( source : 10 q 5 / 14 / 04 )
nathaniel energy has a 51 % ownership interest in a helium and gas processing
facility in keyes , oklahoma . this facility produces 2 , 000 , 000 mcf ( thousand
cubic feet ) of natural gas annually , 5 , 500 mcf of natural gas daily and
3 , 600 gallons of natural gas liquids daily . a more detailed ownership
description of our keyes operation is contained under the heading corporate
included a take - and - pay contract with air products and chemicals , inc . for
the helium production and an operating agreement with colorado interstate
gas company for the sale of processed natural gas . the natural gas liquids
( source : 10 k 3 / 25 / 04 )
look how much money you would have made if you knew about these low priced
otcbb : zapz : closed march 31 st at $ . 60 . closed friday may 18 at $ 3 . 92 . up
553 % ! !
otcbb : arme : closed march 31 st at $ . 26 . closed may 4 th at $ 1 . 50 . up 476 % ! !
465 % ! !
* necx * * *
recent headlines :
* nathaniel energy corp . extends agreement with cimarron industrial park
* nathaniel energy announces financial results with 2004 first quarter
revenue of $ 3 . 3 million
electrical and thermal energy : here is the sizzle . . . . . . .
that of fossil fuels . its proprietary patented technology , the thermal
electrical and thermal energy , while exceeding the most stringent epa and
european union regulations .
* necx * * *
strongly consider the following points :
a whiff of them , look out ! !
uncovered by wall street !
dis - claim - er
information within this email contains forward looking statements within
the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance
statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates
and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects ,
foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
inception and is involved in litigation in the normal course of its
obtain financing . there can be no assurance of that happening . on june 7 ,
2004 , nathaniel energy corporation issued a press release that its helium
and gas processing facility in keyes , oklahoma experienced a fire , that
report does not represent that the information contained in this message
the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this
featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be
construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by
registered in - vest - ment advisor . subscribers should not view information
the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing
that happening . remember , as always , past performance is nev - er indicative of
future results and a thorough due diligence effort should be completed prior
this e - mail constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
