think getting a 1 . 95 % rate is impossible ?
think again !
we work with all credit types . visit our site now , for your rate quote .
click here now !
now that i have had both services , and having noticed that a google search
of the two systems .
i have an alpine cda - 7878 and an alpine xm unit and a panasonic sirius unit ,
an ainet cable and the sirius unit was connected with an auxiliary rca
sirius for a few months in the pacific northwest .
quality ( better music , no commercials , better talk ) . xm has a few more
after careful review of both systems , sirius came out the winnner , as i have
said . the channels are laid out well , lack commercials , sound great , and
are streamed on the internet . the only disadvantage of sirius was its
has an extra comedy channel ( it ' s boring , and features older , censored
comedy ) , and a few more " experimental " music channels which most will find
( terrestrial ) radio in a large city - you get nothing but frustration . it ' s
no wonder xm doesn ' t stream live on the net so that you can try before you
buy . also , xm ' s channel layout was unfriendly , in my opinion .
the greatest and most dizzying drawback in comparing the two , however , are
the staggeringly stupid and annoying xm commercials . not necessarily the
in an expected way ) , but the ridiculous and loud in - house xm stuff that
loud - especially with the windows open ( yes , they are that embarrassing ) .
cancelling xm .
music and a fair selection of talk . if not for sirius , i would have kept
matter where you go . yet , as is the way of competition , sirius has offered
everything good that xm does and done it right . sirius outshines in the
talk category , with a variety of right and left - wing shows , all of the
useful talk channels xm has , and npr , pri , and a well laid - out channel plan .
however , xm doesn ' t have streaming audio on its website - apparently we all
the corporate influence of xm being part - owned by clearchannel and gm shows .