ralph velez ,
genex pharmaceutical , inc . ( otcbb : genx )
biotech sizzle with sales and earnings !
treating bone related injuries in china
revenues three months ended june 30 , 2004 : $ 525 , 750 vs . $ 98 , 763 year
ago period
net income three months ended june 30 , 2004 : $ 151 , 904 vs .
( $ 23 , 929 ) year ago period ( source : 10 q 8 / 16 / 04 )
look how these chinese companies trading in the usa did and what
they would ' ve made your portfolio look like if you had the scoop on
timed them right )
( otcbb : caas ) : closed september 2 , 2003 at $ 4 . 00 . closed december 31 ,
2003 : $ 16 . 65 , up 316 %
otcbb : cwtd ) : closed january 30 , 2004 at $ 1 . 50 . closed february 17 th
at $ 7 . 90 , up 426 %
this biotech bad boy ( genx ) is already out of stealth mode and is
biotech sizzle with sales and earnings !
hospitals in 22 provinces )
genex pharmaceutical , inc . is a biomedical technology company with
distinctive proprietary technology for an orthopedic device that
treats bone - related injuries . headquartered in tianjin , china , the
company manufactures and distributes reconstituted bone xenograft
rbx is approved by the state food and drug administration ( sfda ) in
china ( the chinese government agency that regulates drugs and
methods of treating orthopedic injuries . ( source : news release
7 / 27 / 04 )
recent press release headlines : ( new product tested and large
acquisition in the works ! )
* genex pharmaceutical adopts new proprietary technology ,
earnings
world ' s largest producers of vitamin bl
* genex pharmaceutical sees strong earnings growth for 2004 and 2005
* genex pharmaceutical 2 nd quarter revenue up 432 % , gross profit up
380 % , net income soars , sees continued earnings momentum for
remainder of 2004
* genex pharmaceutical ' s micro - particle rbx medical product expands
easily agree that the company is doing some dynamic things . some of
rising star chinese companies trading in the us . . consider adding
dis - claimer : information within this ema - il contains " forward
looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the
securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange
act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with
objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are
statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " ,
" expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , "
" understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions
ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two
letter does not represent that the information contained in this
message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
not investment advice . the publisher of this letter advises all
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
the publisher of this letter is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always ,
past performance is never indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s
this letter has no relationship with caas and cwtd . ( source for
securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this letter
for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict
this is a paid adver - tisement and is not without bias . all factual
company press releases . the publisher of this letter believes this
accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this ema - il
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
