daily traders report
nxfahxdbreaking newsvhxcwev
lefsqwle - direct
gbhvcove - direct
symbol otcbb : abdv . obveijlnf
recent price $ 0 . 12 emqheoj
shares
outstanding : 45 millionapbgqlc
float : 5 , 343 , 263 sabepco
ocbnjjy
company
profile
atlantis business
development corporation is a business development company registered with the
sec and governed by the 1940 investment company act . abdv has interests in
several portfolio companies . abdv has placed acquired multi media assets
e - direct has generated over $ 100 , 000 in revenue during its first full month of
operation . uweykxj
fine wein records , inc . ,
worldwide inc . for the world renown . i love ny . logo . a compilation cd with
music representative of new york city , will be distributed at traditional
many more . qousewb
as a business development
company , abdv seeks out companies that show promise and are in need of raising
capital and require accounting and managerial assistance . it is the intention
companies under abdvyyhtxnv
e - direct inc . knfbdcv
fine wein records ,
inc . jbwfldy
red bank , n . j . , aug 24 , 2004 ( primezone
figliolini , president of atlantis business development
corporation , inc . ( otcbb : ) . ldgkcpf
dear shareholder , addlrko
discuss the new direction which your company will be
heading . up until this point we made it clear that
them by abdv . fine wein records is an example of that ;
with a financial commitment of $ 250 , 000 by abdv we
various projects they are currently working on .
some meaningful positive cash flow developing and
continuing over the next 12 months . however , abdv has
not maintained a particular industry focus . as of
last week we announced that abdv
future quest , inc . ( pink sheets : ) ,
of our new direction . abdv will be dedicated in
locating and provide managerial , accounting and
you may ask ; why the energy
related field ? simply it currently offers many
opportunities and with the price of oil approaching
$ 50 per a barrel we believe there is a lot of wealth
inflated dollars oil has not yet hit its all time peak
of the past , we are looking at what will be a problem
for oil world wide has increased by some 2 . 5 % this
year alone , most of which is because of china . the
increase in oil prices is not a fade which once the
bubble bursts will result in oil back in the $ 20 - 30
level . we are looking at a trend that is now cemented
economies and this fact alone will keep oil prices at
these higher levels . abdv has already aligned itself
with individuals that have experience in the energy
field . these individuals will help locate viable
in these opportunities . wtxrxayfisoira
so what do we do with our
non - energy related businesses such as fine wein
records and e - direct ? well , first of all we will
until they are at a level where they can move on their
own . i believe that both of these companies will be
shareholders . this strategy is in keeping with the
basic premise of our business module whereby we share
the wealth directly with our shareholders by bringing
public our portfolio companies . we can then continue
by concentrating on a specific
define abdv ' s purpose and guide it like a laser . our
than four energy - related businesses over the next 12
months . i believe that by maintaining this focus an
investment in abdv will be looked at as an innovative
energy - related fields . twqssqlqqkvbdm
fine wein records , inc .
announces compilation music deal for theworld - renowned ` i love ny ' logo
fine wein records , inc . , a subsidiary of atlantis business development
product will be distributed at traditional music retail outlets and specialty
rich weinman of fine wein records , inc
adds , this special logo is world renown and we expect both retailers and
many more . weinman adds , what could be more perfect but music legends
world . jdvgbpytgmnxwj
atlantis business development
atlantis business development corporation ( otcbb : abdv ) is
growth , inc . has arranged $ 300 , 000 of equity financing and will participate in
future financing rounds . bcwlbmh
atlantis business development corporation strong revenue continues
atlantis business
owned multimedia marketing company , e - direct , inc . , has booked another
$ 32 , 500 . 00 in revenues in its 2 nd full week of full operation , and anticipates
several other contracts for the month of july . c . michael dubeau , e - direct
president , stated , e - direct ' s projections for its lst quarter of full
operation were $ 450 , 000 . 00 in the original pro forma . we have already produced
$ 115 , 000 . 00 in the first two weeks of operation . if this continues we expect
ending september 30 , 2004 . vamdauw
atlantis business development corporation ( otcbb : abdv ) is
inc . , has already booked $ 82 , 500 in revenues in its first full week of full
operation , and is well ahead of its forecast for the quarter . oevxisg
atlantis
that it has completed the acquisition of certain assets and data base used
in the opt - in fax broadcasting and opt - in e - mailing business as well as 100 %
lkgfqss
qsfsweebsnwsab
investment
highlights
compared with zero revenue for the same quarter of 2003 . uwajcvj
future quest , inc . ( fqiff ) announces the commitment of a $ 1 , 000 , 000
financing by atlantis business development inc . ( abdv ) . mqqabwf
abdv . s wholly owned
sub , e - direct , generates $ 82 , 500 in first full week of operation . urblmie
abdv completes
acquisition of multi media assets
abdv has already
its multi media marketing business
e - direct believes it
e - direct believes
e - direct plans on
in the world . cmpqfgq
the fax and e - mail
broadcasting business is a multi million dollar industry . jfxeabr
abdv believes
e - direct could become one of the largest multimedia marketing company in the
world .
* * * * * * * important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * *
e - direct , inc .
( e - direct ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of atlantis business development
corporation ( abdv ) , and the president of e - direct is a shareholder who owns
additional compensation for this publication . since abdv is a reporting
general financial results can be found on the sec website ,
www . sec . gov .
