queen mullins ,
introducing ' international pharmacy outlets inc . '
otcbb : ipcy
get in ipcy now ! huge news for ipcy after the closing bell on wednesday
microcap
international pharmacy outlets inc . ( otcbb : ipcy ) .
if you tuned
inmonday you would have seen our last week play of the week , emtk
that ' s a 600 % gain in just three days .
play of the
recommends up .
speculative target price in
next 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 24 - 0 . 29
speculative target price in next 20 - 30 days : $ 0 . 39
international pharmacy outlets , inc . is publicly traded holding company whose
operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries , caribbean marketing agencies ,
ltd . ( cma ) and accessrx c . s . s . a . ( http : / / www . access - call - / center . com ) . cma is
a wholesale importer / exporter of prescription drugs and a marketing and
service center operating a multi - lingual 24 - hour call center for cma ' s retail
pharmacy and mail order pharmacy clients .
selected countries in the caribbean for cipla corporation (
http : / / www . cipla . com / ) , and the entire caribbean for their affiliate , nebumed .
the exclusive agreement also includes duty free shops worldwide , cruise ships
worldwide , native american indian reservations and u . s . military bases . cma
hospitals , and government agencies throughout the caribbean . cma also provides
cruise ships or staying in caribbean resort hotels . cma also licenses caribbean
for cma licensed pharmacy outlets carrying its wholesale pharmaceutical
products .
international pharmacy outlets , inc . , formerly symphony investments , inc . ,
changed names and changed management and control on september 14 , 2003 . the
controlling shareholders , ipo holding company , inc . , a nevada corporation , owns
acquired 100 % of the shares of caribbean marketing agencies , ltd . ( cma ) for 20
listed on the pink sheets . 2 , 004 , 194 shares are free trading and in the float
owned by approximately 934 shareholders . eight international pharmacy outlets ,
that provide a broad base of experience in the prescription drug industry , the
medical industry , and the import / export industry ( see management ) . the company
$ 135 , 000 and a third party simultaneously paid an additional $ 1 . 5 million cash
microcap marketing play of the week . our trademark is our
a few bucks back in such a highly volatile market .
certain statements contained in this
news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of
the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these
statements may be identified by such terms as expect , believe ,
may , will , explode , move , undervalued and intend or
similar terms . the information in the above statement could not be
100 % accurate and the newsletter is not responsible for this . we are
not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not
securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or
held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled
publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk
and use of this information is for reading purposes only .
broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do
decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised
that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the
loss of your entire investment . void where prohibited . the owners of
this publication or their partners may already own free trading
shares in ipcymay immediately sell all or a portion of these shares
