kathrine hayden ,
homeland defense report
look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks .
homeland security technology , inc . otc - hstj
current price . 013
target price for sept . 30 . 085
first it was gold , then oil , now homeland security is the explosive
anticipating several revenue related news announcements and a surge
share price breakout . price and volume for hstj will be soaring as
we have identified large block buying and active accumulation in
military combat gear for the us armed forces and was formed for this
purpose by highly decorated military leaders . not surprisingly , hstj
has experienced a strong increase in monthly orders . keep watch for
an expanded product line as hinted by the company in recent press in
conjunction with additional orders .
any issue involved in homeland defense with elite military
split or dividend is a launching pad for incredible profits . the
company has a market value under $ 1 million which we believe will
roof .
certain statements contained in this newsletter may be
future - looking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be
identified by such terms as expect , believe , may , will , and
intend or similar terms . we are not a register ed invest ment
securities . no recommendation that the securities of the company
profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or
entities that learn of the profiled company . this is an independent
electronic publication that was paid ten thousand dollars by a third
party for the preparation of this company information . be advised
high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading
that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the
loss of some or all of the investment . the publisher of this
provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additional
own opinion regarding investment . factual statements made about the
change without notice . investing in micro - cap securities is highly
speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . it is
information provided about the profiled company has been obtained
site , public filings , company press releases and informational web
traded .
