delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxpp
miles ) in montana . another 10 , 000 acres of prospective diamond and
gold properties are controlled in bolivia , south america . ( source :
company website ) currently trading at . 012 p
possibilty of an absolutely huge week as massive pr campaign has
imagine how well your portfolio would have done the last month or so
price because they are promoted , making a very large number of
let ' s look at the company , delta mining and exploration corp .
otc : dmxpp
about the company : p
delta mining and exploration corp . otc : dmxp is a mineral exploration
( approximately 11 sq . miles ) in montana . the properties are all
prospective diamond exploration terrain in the united states .
another 10 , 000 acres of prospective diamond and gold properties are
controlled in bolivia , south america . initial work has revealed
found in north america . p
the management team is led by chief executive officer , dr . barry
experience in the field of geology , along with running some of the
most successful mining companies in the industry . dr . rayment was
the president of bema gold corp . , ( amex : bgo ) , a company with a
with glamis gold , gold fields mining and amselco exploration ( bp
along with his extensive knowledge of public companies will be an
moves forward . p
among the support team is stephen kay , a geologist with more than 30
years experience in exploration throughout europe , south africa ,
south america and the united states . while with gold fields mining
corp . , stephen kay was instrumental in the discovery and subsequent
drilling of the 3 million ounce mesquite gold deposit in california . p
delta has experienced significant technical success since its
start - up in 1997 . for example , delta has discovered the first
in - situ microdiamond ever found in montana on its homestead
of the three buttes kimberlite where initial exploration has shown
diamonds - including pyrope ( garnet ) , chromite and clinoprroxene . p
discover additional kimberlite or lamproite pipes in this
kimberlites in saskatchewan and alberta , canada . p
in bolivia , delta controls approximately two - thirds of a highly
group of concessions covering 7 , 860 acres ( 12 sq miles ) . the other
the independencia property delta controls more than 2 , 000 acres
comprising the highly attractive precambrian property that displays
exploration is justified . p
its extensive portfolio of diamond exploration properties but also
by acquiring additional diamond properties . delta will focus on
identifying and developing strategic alliances with major mining
finance additional exploration . p
controls , they also control a gold property with great potential .
the property is near la paz in bolivia , where initial analysis
extensive exploration program . pp
( source : company website ) p
conference with the bolivian chamber of commerce . p
delta mining and exploration corp . visits homestead property in
preparation of work program . p
delta mining and exploration corp . discloses preliminary gold
exploration findings in south america . p
exploration in south america . pp
critical . good luck and happy trading . pp
information within this publication contains future looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act
of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not
future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
future looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that as with many
mining and exploration is not a reporting company registered under
the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
available about the company . it is not currently an operating
net worth , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent
concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit
provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter
report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always ,
past performance is never indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s
publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with mbah . in
compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the
publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand
shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on
websites and company press releases . the publisher of this
within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
