kerry barrera ,
hampden group ( otc : hpng )
current price : 0 . 25
sior : september lst close of . 24 . blew through the roof as it
passed . 80 on friday .
about the company :
within the public and private markets . hampden has partnerships
high yield short - term financing .
help track and protect loan portfolio assets . the use of
sophisticated tracking technology significantly lowers the risk of
asset backed lending , hampden grp . will also actively participate
in structured financial contracts with small public companies
through pipe ( private investment public entity ) transactions .
that have a need for short - term working capital and cannot obtain
traditional financing .
company ' s valuation , financial ratios , executive compensation , exit
the business plan . ( source : news announcement 10 / 15 / 04 )
late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and happy
trading .
information within this publication contains future looking
statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act
of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives ,
goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not
future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and
projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
future looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements
indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many
hampden group is not a reporting company registered under the
securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
deficit , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent
concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit
provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment
expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal ,
based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would
there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always ,
past performance is not indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s
publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with scos or sior .
in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the
publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of seven thousand
shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on
websites and company press releases . the publisher of this
within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
