coleman terrell ,
techlite , inc ( otcbb - thlt )
shares outstanding : 10 , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / 04 )
current price : . 76
thlt has been moving higher the last few weeks . is this the beginning
nothing makes more sense in the marketplace than following the
material , measurable we alth that pulses through its very veins . go check it
out yourself . ( remember , past performance is not indicative of future
results ) .
nothing like the awesome , potential growth power of little known companies
about techlite , inc .
techlite , inc . is a national energy service company in its twelfth year
energy - efficient and environmental protection agency ( epa ) - compliant
lighting upgrades and retrofits for commercial , education , health care ,
retail and government facilities . techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit
software program facilitates upgrades in compliance with the eps ' s green
lights emission reduction program and the new federal energy law
requiring elimination of inefficient lighting products . industry sources
estimate this market at approximately 3 billion existing light fixtures and
a potential 100 billion national lighting retrofit industry . the
the decade . " ( source : press release : 11 / 5 / 04 )
* techlite awarded city lighting upgrade contract for city of tulsa -
potential value of 1 . 5 million .
* techlite completes lighting retrofit for tulsa technology
* techlite ' s proprietary energy - audit software program takes a bite out
of commercial lighting bills .
certain statements in this news release may contain future looking
information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933
and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are
statements of fact , included in this release , including , without
limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the
companies , are future looking statements that involve risks and
accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially
expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have
personally assured company debt , tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes ,
out of business . these risks and others are more fully detailed in the
invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states all material facts or does not
misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . all information
material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys
securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter
circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the
that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factual
the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of
these terms .
