mr . samuel kunte
beagon oil nigeria , ltd
lagos , nigeria
phone : + 234 - 803 - 380 - 1106
dear friend ,
it is with a heart full of hope that i write , soliciting for your
strict confidence in this transaction . this is by virtue of its nature
you in this business proposition , having gone through your remarkable
profile on the internet . though , this medium ( internet ) has been greatly
fastest , surest and most secured medium of communication . however ,
this correspondence is official and private , and it should be treated
you may think of .
i am an accountant with beagon nigeria , ltd . foreign oil company based
in lagos , nigeria . beagon was involved in prospecting , drilling and
bunkering of oil at high sea ( offshore ) , with expatriate consisting
majority of the staff strength . unfortunately , these expatriates got
security company out of the country but with a security stamp on it .
the federal government of nigeria discovered the illegal deal , and
revoked their license and the expatriates were repatriated . so , by
virtue of my position as the accountant of the company , i have in my
possession the documents containing information about the trunk box
deposited with the security company . the content of this box is thirty
two million united states dollars ( us $ 32 m ) .
and being that this deal was been carried out by foreign firm , i need a
please , note that this transaction is 100 % risk - free , for every
machineries has been put in place for successful conclusion . note , i
have with me all the necessary documents that will prove that the
keep my own share , when the money hit your account .
regard with 20 % of the fund after the transfer and 5 % ( percent ) will be
set aside for any expenses both local and international transportation ,
telephone bills etc , while 75 % will be for me and two of my colleagues .
this deal will be concluded within seven ( 7 ) working days as soon as
your full name and address
your private telephone and fax number
the first two ( 2 ) pages of your international passport or drivers
license via email attachement
confidentiality in this transaction . please acknowledge the receipt of
not .
yours , faithfully ,
mr . samuel kunte
tele : 234 - 803 - 380 - 1106
prvt : ( skunte 775 @ yahoo . de )
