and the news of this company and you will see for yourself
millennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei
mi | | enniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channe |
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
local affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
is really possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you wil | see why )
millennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fully integrated event promoter which owns ,
partiaily or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint is expanding in
live entertainment , including sports and music . while mi | | ennium nationa |
events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming
caiendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbo | : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
is rea | | y possibe ( if you look at leve | 2 you will see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - mi | | ennium
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miliennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc .
acquisition negotiations .
both local deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two
we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies ,
said robert mca | | ister , ceo president of miilennium nationa | events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering millennium ' s offers and beiieve that there could be
a possibie f i t here for our company and our share holders .
mcaliister aiso feels the purchase of match point is a good move for
both millennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is
target and acquire successful , high - profiie events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation
each individual event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the
attract a fortune 50 o as a potential source of even greater , and as of
this quarter .
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michae | gambil | and james blake . aiso entered in the
millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( beigium ) and defending champion
read this | ega | info
information within this emai | contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and
none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of
investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . p
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of mnei
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and
set forth in the forward - looking statements .
piease be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid
express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms
as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and
intend or simiiar terms .
wrongfu | | y piaced in our | i s t , please gohere
