and the news of this company and you will see for yourseif
miilennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei
milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm
wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa ,
power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , ciear channel
communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc
local affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine
spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards .
and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below
yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
business
symbol : mnei
current price : $ 0 . 47
is realiy possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you wiil see why )
miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is
currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate
sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns ,
partially or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and
event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado ,
through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium national
events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming
calendar inciudes events with img , ciear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl ,
pga , lpga , and nascar .
symbol : mnei
current price : $ o . 47
is reaily possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you wi | | see why )
news
delray beach , fla . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miilennium
point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
miliennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc .
acquisition negotiations .
both local delray beach - based companies could integrate the two
we couid be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies ,
said robert mcaliister , ceo president of mi | | ennium national events .
mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations ,
we are considering miliennium ' s offers and believe that there could be
a possible f i t here for our company and our share holders .
mca | | ister also feeis the purchase of match point is a good move for
both miilennium sharehoiders and match point . this acquisition is
target and acquire successfu | , high - profile events and their promoters ;
we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation
each individua | event .
exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the
attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of
this quarter .
americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc
champion jan - michae | gambiil and james blake . aiso entered in the
millennium itc finalist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion
read this lega | info
information within this email contains forward | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future
forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might
investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of
investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . p
in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of mnei
time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in
our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned
based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and
set forth in the forward - looking statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid
express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report
includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms
as expect , believe , may , wiil , move , undervaiued and
intend or similar terms .
wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere
