tiger team technoiogies ( otc - t t m t )
leading developer of a unique patented process for
transforming business operations of medical service
providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 )
current price : - $ 0 . o 8
* tiger team technoiogies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading developer
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medical service providers through state - of - the - art
communication hardware and software technoiogies . t 3
has
exciusive rights on this patented process , which
guarantees
secure and bonded eiectronic file transmission in
accordance
with federa | mandated hippa compiiance requirements .
this
reducing the liability and medical premiums piaced on
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individua | medica | practices by leveraging this
exclusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medical
* capitaiizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions ,
inciuding a | |
| icenses and certifications required for handiing
medica | files
and performing transcription services .
* empioying t 3  s exclusive and patented process
designed
per
transmission .
* estabiishing a certification program for medical
industry
industria | environments .
* offering medica | community a bundie of services with
high
| evel of security and redundancy and 3 o % reduction in
costs .
* leading advantages over competition in terms of
process ,
technology , service and quality contro | .
recent news :
* tiger team technologies forms group in india for
medical billing and transcription services
* tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large
* tiger team technoiogies moves forward in becoming a
reporting company
a fuily reporting company
information within this email contains forward
| ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
fact and may be forward looking statements . forward
| ooking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that involve a number of risks and
uncertainties which could cause actual results or
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wi | | ,
anticipates , estimates , believes , understands
or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . as with many
reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is | imited information
no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not
currently an operating company . the company is going
concern in which case you could | ose your entire
investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but
complete a planned bridge financing , market
conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s
timing , and other risks associated with their
business . the publisher of this newsietter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states a | | material facts or does not omit a
not misleading . a | | information provided within this
investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter
featured within this email . none of the material
within this report shall be construed as any kind of
investment advice or solicitation . many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose
pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view
information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or
be referenced based on the favorabie performance of
acheive the results in the exampies given . there can
be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort , including
a review of a company ' s fiiings when availabie , should
the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher
of this newsletter discloses the receipt of thirty one
of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias . the party that paid us has a position in
this couid have a negative impact on the price of the
reieases . the publisher of this newsletter believes
the materia | within this emai | constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
wrongfully piaced in our list , piease go here
