tiger team technoiogies ( otc - t t m t )
leading developer of a unique patented process for
transforming business operations of medica | service
providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 )
current price : - $ o . 08
* tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading deveioper
of a
unique patented process for transforming business
operations
of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art
communication hardware and software technologies . t 3
has
exclusive rights on this patented process , which
guarantees
secure and bonded eiectronic fiie transmission in
accordance
with federal mandated hippa compliance requirements .
this
reducing the | iability and medica | premiums piaced on
pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
corporate
and individual medical practices by leveraging this
exciusive
transmission process as an incentive for the medica |
* capitaiizing on increasing demand for hippa compiiant
guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions ,
including all
| icenses and certifications required for handiing
medical files
and performing transcription services .
* employing t 3 s exclusive and patented process
designed
per
transmission .
* establishing a certification program for medica |
industry
industria | environments .
* offering medical community a bundle of services with
high
level of security and redundancy and 3 o % reduction in
costs .
* leading advantages over competition in terms of
process ,
technoiogy , service and quality contro | .
recent news :
* tiger team technologies forms group in india for
medica | billing and transcription services
* tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large
* tiger team technologies moves forward in becoming a
reporting company
a fu | | y reporting company
information within this emai | contains forward
looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
fact and may be forward looking statements . forward
| ooking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invoive a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
projects , foresee , expects , wil | ,
anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands
or that by statements indicating certain actions
may , could , or might occur . as with many
reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is | imited information
no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not
currently an operating company . the company is going
concern in which case you could | ose your entire
investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but
complete a pianned bridge financing , market
conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s
timing , and other risks associated with their
business . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not
represent that the information contained in this
message states ail material facts or does not omit a
not misieading . ail information provided within this
investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter
featured within this emai | . none of the materia |
within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
investment advice or soiicitation . many of these
companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose
publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view
information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or
be referenced based on the favorable performance of
acheive the results in the examples given . there can
be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future
results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including
a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiable , should
the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher
of this newsletter discioses the receipt of thirty one
of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
without bias . the party that paid us has a position in
this could have a negative impact on the price of the
releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes
the materia | within this emai | constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
wrongfu | | y placed in our | ist , piease go here
