us oi | and gas report
oil climbs , gains soar
we have the | eading track record for finding fast moving ,
low - priced energy piays .
look at the moves made by our | ast 2 hot picks :
beit .
emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi
immediate acquire - huge news on increased production
current price . 15
target price . 40 in lo days
which is followed by soaring undervalued otc oi | plays . widespread
eogi is an undervalued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production
revenue and becoming a cash - fiow positive leader in major oil - producing
states .
eogi ' s high - yieiding , muitiple driiling programs have been solidified
through valuabie strategic a | | iances . these expioration partnerships
joint - ventures invoiving well re - entry programs in extremely prolific
production areas using the highest | evel of technology currently
avaiiabie .
recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectiy timed as al | 6 dow
jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest levels of the year , with
and oi | analysts agree on predictions that a further 3 o - 60 % in crease is
likeiy next year .
production figures on muitipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion
this undervaiued oil play . with a very smal | float estimated at less than
as the vaiue of their current oil deais are revealed .
high - risk investments and that some or al | of the investment can be lost .
we suggest you consuit a professiona | investment advisor before making
any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the
information found here as an initial starting point for conducting
opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment
accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any
investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for saie or
the dissemination of this company profiie . since we have been given
compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements
undue reiiance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain
assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties
those statements .
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
