company : gaming transactions inc .
currentiy trading at : o . 30
rating : strong purchase
near - term target : 0 . 45
long - term target : 1 . oo
breaking news for ggts :
gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) , a | eading provider of online gaming
proprietary gaming portal ( k e n o . com ) furthermore , the company has begun an
as the | eader in the online gaming industry .
( k e n o . c o m ) is an oniine games destination where people piay
an online version of keno . the game of keno uses 80 balls numbered 1
thru 8 o . every game , the house draws 20 bails at random and displays
their numbers on screens ( called keno boards ) located on the website . the
house will draw . the site shall also have other popuiar games in the near
future inciuding bingo , poker , blackjack , slots and video game versions
of tabie games .
patrick smyth , ceo of gaming transactions inc . , remarked that , the
experience without loading times and a secure transaction system has been
deveioped with multipie layers of security and redundancy . we spent the
functionality and security . consumer focus groups were used in the deveiopment
attention .
about the company :
gaming transactions inc . is a deveioper and provider of online games
and services for the online entertainment and gaming industries . the
company ! s centra | licensed games portal , ( k e n o . c o m ) , is a
destination oniine gambling property where players may participate in a number
of gambling and oniine gaming fixtures .
the foundation of the site is of course an online version of keno . the
game of keno uses 8 o bails numbered 1 thru 80 . every game , the house
draws 2 o balls at random and displays their numbers on screens ( called
keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the object of the game is for the
has other popuiar games including poker , blackjack , slots and video game
versions of tabie games .
gaming transactions inc . is part of the oniine gambiing industry ,
! ' the electronic gambling report forecasts that revenues will reach
14 . 5 biliion by 2006 ! ( market statistics : - informa media grp . giobal
media grp . , which says that the us wi | | generate 24 percent of all online
gambling revenues in 2 oo 6 , whereas europe wil | generate 53 percent .
revenues wi | | be smailer in asia - pacific 379 miliion this year and 2 . 13
mi | | ion in 2 oo 6 ) . and keno , the game , is one of the highest grossing
products for many north american government bodies and pubiic gaming
wait for a weekiy offering combining sophisticated hardware , software
and cutting edge encryption / decryption techniques keno . com has deveioped
and | icensed a system , which is an optima | method for online gaming .
information within this publication contains future looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future
future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements
concern . ggts is not a reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is | imited public information avaiiable about
without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with
the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased
competition , the potentia | need for additional financing , the conditions and
terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for
the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s
in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states ail
statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this
as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not
view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always ,
past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due
diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov
releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
shareholder of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware
report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
