small - cap homerun newsletter
high - priority status : immediate triple predicted
cdyv profits soaring , company forecasts
they will be acquired in takeover
exciting new issue - get in now
unknown and undervalued publishing /
advertising leader projecting ' 05 - ' 06
sales of 30 million , . 42 eps
cody ventures corp . otc - cdyv
price range : . 35 - . 45
10 - day target : 1 . 20
dallas / ft . worth , texas metroplex area resulting in
exceed 30 mill annually with nearly
cdyv positioned as likely takeover candidate by the
always acquisition - minded leaders of the publishing
industry capturing sales of 20 billion .
cdyv is the leading advertising , printing , and publishing
company in texas specializing in the very high - profit
publisher for the state of texas , cdyv reaches 22 million
with their tidbits publication featuring local
advertising in dozens of areas including entertainment ,
real estate / housing , consumer goods and services , and
major retailers like walgreens and dollar general .
cdyv has been in business 4 years and has grown quickly ,
that have perfected this niche of advertising platform
with none being publicly offered starting out at less than
50 cents per share .
achieving an additional 17 million in annual revenues
necessary printing services for 150 other national
publishers in their respective states resulting in another
the publishing industry has always been an active leader in
mergers , takeovers , and acquisitions . dow jones ( dj , 37 . 00 ,
pe 32 ) , gannett ( gci , 79 . 00 , pe 16 ) , knight - ridder
( kri , 65 . 00 , pe 16 ) , and tribune co . ( trb , 40 . 00 , pe 24 )
are just a few examples of industry leaders that have spent
billions over the last few years acquiring aggressive and
profitable newspaper chains and publishing companies . cdyv
their pe is 1 based on 12 - 18 month sales and earnings
figures . the industry average pe is 20 , indicating that a
share price of 5 . 00 for cdyv would be a very conservative
valuation .
it is only a matter of time before detailed information is
the moon .
please read - the information and opinions in this featured
report is a paid profile for information purposes only and
should not be used as the basis for any investment decision .
this newsletter has been compensated ten thousand dollars
for the preparation of this profile and for continuing cover
age of the featured company . newsletter publishers are not
investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation
significant risks and uncertainties . there are no shares
presently held and no participation will occur in the
trading of shares in any profiled company .
