the u . s . oil
report
premium market related service " attn : subscribers ,
tradestar corporation ( otc : tirr )
symbol
tirr est . shares outstanding
38 , 000 , 000 est .
float
2 , 000 , 000
recent
price
$ 0 . 69
tirr is up over
70 % in the past two weeks ! ! !
tradestar
corporation ( tirr ) finishes recompletion of karnes county tx oil well bringing
on 35 bpd in production ! ! !
readers who have
profited nicely . the company tradestar corp . ( otc : tirr ) , is a junior
oil gas exploration company that specializes in re - entries and offset
potential for natural gas in north america . " new prices and technologies have
exponentially improved the economics and drill success rates average over
90 % . tradestar corp . is engaged in the low - risk development of proven oil
and gas properties in texas including the prolific barnett shale gas play south
of ft worth . the rapid oil and gas price increases and recent advances in
economical drilling , completion and production techniques , have resulted in :
1 accelerated development activity and increased land lease
values in this extremely productive area .
output .
wells - - where success rates are typically over 90 % . ( using oil @ $ 35 . 00 and gas
months . oil is currently $ 48 and gas $ 6 ! ! ! !
prolific plays ( barnett shale in central texas ) in the lower 48 states ! ! !
withabalanced portfolioofoilgas
properties , an aggressive acquisition campaign ,
experienced management team , and application of cutting edge
ep technologies , we believe that
portfolio .
bring undeveloped domestic reserves on stream with minimal downside risk
previous news
tradestar corporation announces barnett shale
project
hot springs , ark . , - - tradestar
and drill a binion parker gas well and prospect in erath county , texas . in
recompletion and new drill is the barnett shale formation at a depth of
estimated reserves in the reentry and new well are 750 , 000 mcf for each well .
why
rise in world oil gas
prices ! 2 . over 30 potential oil gas producing sites in the prolific
barnett shale of central texas 3 . strong industry investment banking
relationships 4 . strong management - over
50 years of experience in the oil
patch 5 . multiple leaseholds and joint venture partners
6 . tight float ,
low entry price strong upward potential ! 7 .
business model offers only
8 . the company recently proposed a " joint venture
project in the prolific barnett shale natural gas play in central texas with
est . reserves of over 10 trillion cubic ft of gas !
conclusion
presence in oil gas fields across texas . tirr ' s potential
for large - scale production in prolific and underdeveloped regions like the
is currently ahead of schedule and positive drilling results appear imminent in
the near future . revenues are up 50 % over the lst quarter of last
year . don ' t miss this fantastic opportunity . for more
or press releases .
are giving tirr our seal of approval .
read this
: information within this email contains " forward looking statements "
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b
of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of
statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the
statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , "
" believes , " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements
indicating certain actions " may , " could , " or " might " occur . all
be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the
interpretation of the writer of this newsletter about the news published by the
company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ
news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in
it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of tirr
liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive
statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares ,
there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions .
forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results
statements .
please be advised that nothing within this email
security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment
advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid
are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take
position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes
forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , "
believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar
terms . remv frm list cpy / paste
