canada , is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted
reservoirs .
again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news ) announces
that the syivan lake oil and gas project is sti | | awaiting a rig at this
time . the surface lease has been constructed and we have
the company has a 25 % working interest in the syivan lake project .
symbo | - mogi
current price - . 26
1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
market in a generation .
2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years .
3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
reserves potentialiy worth muiti - millions , mogi is seliing for less
than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets .
past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and
deveiopers like montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being
quadruple returns .
breaking news ! !
april 29 , - montana oil and gas reports the following update on its
road closures in the province of alberta , the contracted drilling rig
immediately there after .
of tie in upon lifting of the road ban .
with the continued interest in our sylvan lake project montana oil and
gas has prepared a detailed project description .
the sylvan lake oil and gas field was discovered in the late 1950 ' s and
has produced over 40 million barrels ( mbbls ) of high quality crude oil
and 50 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) of associated natural gas ,
expanded with the use of modern three and four dimension geophysics .
oil company , as was most of the sylvan lake field itself . an
abandoned after finding the shunda and pekisko formations completely
eroded by post depositional cutting . as a consequence , the major company
complaints of the freehold mineral rights owner and relinquished the
deeper mineral rights ( below the base of the jurassic formations ) on the
the early 1960 ' s . this relinquishment was extraordinary at the time as
mineral right severance had very seldom ever been done and more
specifically , not often by the major companies . accordingly , these mineral
rights sat available and dormant until the early 2000 ' s as almost all oil
and gas companies thought they were held by the original lessee .
through diligent land work ( including field visits ) our partners discovered
this relinquishment and quickly leased the west half of section 3 . since
of this prospect ( possibly 75 % ) with the drilling of a test well in
5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m .
land discussion
our partners have secured a 100 % working interest in the west half and
northeast quarter of section 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m . the land comprises some 480
acres ( one section or one square mile equals 640 acres ) . primary drilling
spacing in alberta is as follows ; one quarter section spacing ( 160
acres ) for oil and one section spacing ( 640 acres ) for natural gas . the
province allows for decreased drilling and production spacing units
well density . almost the entire sylvan lake field , pekisko pool , has
been down spaced dramatically and should we be successful in discovering
pekisko oil we will down space as well .
geological discussion
pekisko formation - - the principle target of this prospect is oil and
sylvan lake pekisko oil field lies on the up dip erosional edge of the
pekisko formation . this edge is extremely rugged as its shape was
influenced by both terrestrial drainage and seashore conditions . overlying
this ancient shoreline are cap rocks ( impermeable layers ) of the
mississippian lower shunda formation and cretaceous / jurassic impermeable
shales . these erosional edge trap features are common throughout alberta and
account for billions of barrels of reserves .
production facilities discussion
this immediate area has been developed for both oil and natural gas
over the past forty - five years . accordingly a multitude of gas gathering
and processing facilities and oil transportation facilities have been
constructed .
a major gas processing facility is located within two miles of our
drilling location . the capacity of the processing facility is
approximately 70 mmcf / d with current throughput of only 46 mmcf / d . accordingly ,
excess capacity of 24 mmcf / d exists in the facility which would be in
this gas processing facility also has oil pipeline access for the
for more detailed project description please see news release dated
( fri , apr 29 ) .
good luck and successfu | trading .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
this one trade tuesday ! go mogi .
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
