structure technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a leading structural technology company focused on the development
commercialization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : 0 . 60
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- cutting edge structural technology
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may 10 th , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacle will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 500 , 000 common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who
this letter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profile :
pinnacle group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management
the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
the company has great short term speculative potential as
well as the potential for long term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
please follow this one trade thursday ! !
nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment
address your particular investment situation . no communication by our
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after
recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter should be
made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after
reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company .
( c ) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved
