infotex holdings inc ( otc : ifxh )
small emerging growth technology integration firm that helps companies build
and manage network infrastructures ( source : news 4 / 13 / 05 )
current price : $ 1 . 25
please watch this one trade . and watch for more news that may impact the
about infotex holdings inc ( otc : ifxh ) ( source : company website )
infotex holdings , inc . ( other otc : ifxh . pk ) is a highly diversified emerging
this includes : professional services , integrated information technology and
program management support services and solutions , advanced software
integration , data encryption , high assurance information systems , trusted
agencies and businesses in the u . s . and around the world .
electronic commerce over networks , the internet and domain - level intranets .
deliver the best solution , with the highest quality and performance at the
and / or out - licensing .
infotex consistently delivers high - quality , innovative business - driven
businesses in the u . s . and around the world . we are partnered closely with
numerous u . s . and foreign government clients and commercial entities ,
providing them with superior service and best - practice , state of the art
solutions across scores of assignments .
management , grants management , systems security , systems engineering ,
software development , and operations and maintenance that not only solve
immediate problems , but through our foresight also accommodates evolving and
ongoing challenges .
purchase medical messenger , inc . medical messenger is an electronic medical
records company specializing in the portability of medical records . the
2 ) numericom , inc . completes acquisition of the assets of infotex holdings ,
ltd .
computer security systems , inc . cssi has developed software and transaction
consumer engaged in the transaction .
sometimes . . . .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
information within this email contains forward looking statements within
the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance
statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates
and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects ,
foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes ,
understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may ,
registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited
in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and
complete its business plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the
general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive
publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a
advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers
material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of
publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as
always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a
thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings
the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is
sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the
company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this
this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
