services
current price : $ 0 . 025
we expect projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 12
we expect projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 15
vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revolutionizing the
telecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware ,
online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with
global reach , is receiving international attention for the development of voice
over ip ( voip ) application solutions , including the award - winning eyefontm , a
systems for companies , call centers , itsps and service providers .
vocalscape has created software and interactive solutions revolving around
global communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for
and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information delivery
over the internet . through vocalscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a
networks , and sell , install and service our own branded voip gateways and
and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate
and interact through the internet .
current price : $ 0 . 025
we expect projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 12
we expect projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 15
services
- - - - - - - - - -
with mix networks , inc . a voip enhanced telephony service provider .
clients with enhanced voip products including pre - paid calling through mix
networks north american network .
popular voip companies such as vonage and packet 8 , says ryan gibson , vp
vocalscape networks
some legal words before you continue :
information within this email contains forward looking statements within the
meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not
looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the
time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties
presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects ,
estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that
by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all
be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the
interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the
company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ
release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .
in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior
these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements
have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an
inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this
statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving
please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation
newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any
report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated
as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any
time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include
terms as projected speculative price expect , believe , may , will ,
soar move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .
