have
had huge success over the last few months and have become one of the
most
wideiy read investment newsletters in the worid . we have accomplished
this
for
great returns .
what
make serious profits !
symbo | : igts . pk
current price : $ 0 . 01
short term target price : $ o . o 8
12 month target price : $ o . 17
intelligentsports . net
we love these small companies . a company | ike this is | ike a siigshot ,
* unique business model reminisant of goid ' s gym before it exploded
fitness scene .
children / adoiescents are overweight nationwide . source : 2 oo 2 report
by the
centers for disease contro |
oniy
17 percent of middle and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior
high
schools require daiiy physical activity for ail students . igts is
| ooking
the
demand for team sports . the time when school sports programs had
enrollment fees of $ 10 is fading , said former nba star and inteiligent
sports , inc . board member , reggie theus . not every parent is wi | | ing
$ 3 oo enrollment fees for a sport their child is only casually
interested in ;
exceis
at .
* igts ' s proven business is ready for expansion .
* news ! news ! news !
here is recent news on the company :
upland , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 17 , 2 oo 5 - - inteliigent sports ,
inc . ,
fitness center concept , the sports zone , nationaliy | ater this year .
recognizing the link between athietic participation and personal
success ,
publiciy held inte | | igent sports , inc is introducing a new generation
of
sports
programs and faciiities .
since their fall 2 oo 4 | aunch of the sports zone youth sports and
fitness
center concept in upland , ca , they have seen tremendous growth in their
sports in
upland , caiifornia encompasses a 12 , oo 0 square foot area facility
featuring
including basketball , volleybail , cheerleading , dance , wrestiing ,
martial
soccer , footbal | and other fieid - reiated athietic activity within the
compiex arena .
offers
stated
inteiligent sports president , thomas hobson . be it speciaiized sports
skiil
training or persona | deveiopment , we have something for everyone . the
business concept wiil soon be avaiiable through licensing , providing
other
markets a centralized | ocation for a wide - range of sports all deveioped
fit the diverse needs of each market . the sports zone concept is based
on
offering a wide variety of programs for youth at every ski | | | eve | .
only 17
percent of middle and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior high
schoois require daily physica | activity for all students . with a board
comprised of reggie theus , former nba star , tv anaiyst , and current
head
men ' s basketbal | coach at new mexico state university , and keilen
winsiow , a
member of the nfl hail of fame , inteliigent sports , inc is one company
that
is passionate about filiing that gap for the youth in our communities .
a
rapid
price increase .
we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 0 . o 8
we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 0 . 17
please watch this one trade monday ! !
disclaimer :
information within this emai | contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or
future
forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects ,
wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or
that by
statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur .
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
materials :
these
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary
must
be
this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax ,
accounting or
are
of
in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future
resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a
compiiance
the
they
wiil sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . ail factual information
the
make
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
