nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
technologies .
shares outstanding : 34 , 0 oo , 000
float : 4 , 000 , 0 oo
current price : o . 09
wiil it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
announcement by the canadian radio - teievision and teiecommunications
( voip ) service only when it is provided and used as local telephone
service .
sustainable competition in | ocal teiephone markets , the incumbent carriers
stifie competition .
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
market with a competitive framework , stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad
internationa | inc .
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization
worldwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . alone , there are over 200 , oo 0 , 000 users of the internet . of the
approximately 4 o , 0 oo , 00 o ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dia | - up therefore
represents approximately 8 o % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users woridwide is even
higher .
providers not only offers significant potentia | for market penetration ,
by offering a unique , proprietary and easiiy adaptabie product .
about nomad international inc .
nomad international inc . is a muiti - national internet communications
company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over
product line ca | | ed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl ,
cable , sate | | ite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on
targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii iii tier carriers which are interested in
effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace ,
presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in
their offices in guatemala or london - - offering business partners a more
means of significantiy | owering their communication expense with their
reiatives in their country of origin .
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
this one trade friday ! go ndin .
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars
advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
noneedl 020 @ yahoo . com
