u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t
increase in value in the next 1 - 2 weeks .
symbol : bpet . pk
current price : $ 0 . o 2
short term target price : $ o . 45
12 month target price : $ 1 . 12
news :
london ( reuters ) - - march 31 , 20 o 5 - - oil markets have entered a
` ` super - spike ' ' period that could see 1970 ' s - style price surges as high as
$ 105 a barrel , investment bank goldman sachs said in a research report .
goldman ' s global investment research note also raised the bank ' s 20 o 5
analysts , consultants and government bodies surveyed by reuters .
` ` we believe oil markets may have entered the early stages of what we
and recreate a spare capacity cushion only after which will lower energy
prices return , ' ' goldman ' s analysts wrote .
c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w
bnp petroleum corporation , inc . is an irving based oil and gas
exploration and development ( ed ) company . bnp petroleum corporation , inc . was
formed for the purpose of development and operation of oil and gas
domestic areas where major oil and gas producing companies have reduced
exploited by well - managed independent oil companies capable of
extracting these reserves at lower risk and lower cost than unproved prospects .
proven fields and increase production through the application of
advanced technology and the exploration of other proven formations in the same
fields .
bnp petroleum corporation ' s primary operational strategy includes the
operation of its own projects , giving it substantial control over
drilling and production costs . the company has associated with highly
experienced exploration and development engineering and geology personnel that
workovers , behind pipe recompletions and secondary recovery operations .
company through a strategic combination of selected property
acquisitions and an exploration program . additionally , the company will continue
reserves .
c o m p a n y n e w s
irving , texas , may 25 , 20 o 5 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - bnp petroleum
corporation ( otc pink sheets : bpet - news ; bpet ) , an independent oil and
wichita county texas , after accomplishing modifications and upgrades on
some wells , in the last few months . the shallow wells previously had been
is normal for the area . steadily increasing rates of production for
hooks lease are expected .
compliance with the regulations of the texas railroad commission and re -
establish oil production on bnp ' s leases over the coming months .
facts contained in this release are forward - looking statements that
economic conditions , the impact of competition , the results of
financing efforts , changes in consumers ' preferences and trends . the words
estimate , possible , and seeking and similar expressions identify
any forward - looking statements , because of new information , future
events , or otherwise . future events and actual results may differ
forward - looking statements .
we believe that the speculative near term target price is  $ 0 . 45
we believe that the speculative long term target price is  $ 1 . 12
even after so many successful picks this year , we feel that this is our
best pick yet ! ! !
please watch this one trade tuesday !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forward looking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals ,
assumptions or future
forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are
made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be
identified
through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects ,
will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands  or
that by
statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur .
unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority
materials :
these
report does not represent that the information contained in this
message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
necessary
must be
this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy .
you
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax ,
accounting or
are
of
in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening .
remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future
results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a
compliance
the
they
will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict
is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information
the
make
within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
