nomad international inc . ( ndin )
a multi - national internet communications company developing cost
technologies .
shares outstanding : 34 , oo 0 , ooo
float : 4 , 00 o , ooo
current price : o . 08
will it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you
like momentum .
breaking news ! !
voip products with lmb technologies inc . for the caribbean market which
includes bermuda .
nomad of the gross revenue generated by lmb technologies inc . of any sales
inc . which will seek a public listing of its common shares in the u . s
market as soon as practicably possible .
approvals of lmb technologies inc . and nomad international inc .
! ' the caribbean market is one in which our technology has the
services over dial up networks . we are please with the distribution
caribbean market commercially in the short term . ! ( , stated jan olivier ,
ceo and chairman of nomad international inc .
announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications
( voip ) service only when it is provided and used as local telephone
service .
sustainable competition in local telephone markets , the incumbent carriers
stifle competition .
the canadian market with our products via internet service providers ,
market with a competitive framework , stated jan oliver , ceo of nomad
international inc .
broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utilization
worldwide , dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the
u . s . alone , there are over 20 o , ooo , 0 oo users of the internet . of the
approximately 40 , oo 0 , 000 ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore
represents approximately 8 o % of the entire internet connectivity market .
the percentage of dial - up versus broadband users worldwide is even
higher .
providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration ,
by offering a unique , proprietary and easily adaptable product .
about nomad international inc .
nomad international inc . is a multi - national internet communications
company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over
product line called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl ,
cable , satellite and wireless capabilities . the company plans on
targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in
effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace ,
presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number ringing in
their offices in guatemala or london - - offering business partners a more
means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their
relatives in their country of origin .
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
this one trade monday ! go ndin .
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo dollars
advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
wrongfully placed in our membership , send a blank e mail with no thanks in
