breakout forecast tuesday july 19 , 2005
china world trade corp . cwtd china world trade corp .
current price : $ 2 . 31
see company president john hui interview with cnn asia
also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company growth
expedia . com )
china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of new generation
southern china ' s largest travel company .
chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd
china world trade corporation establishes international business center
monday
guangzhou , china , july / xinhua - prnewswire - firstcall / - - china world trade
international business center ( ibc ) has commenced operations on july 1 which
will support the international communication needed between the company ' s
corporate clients and members . additionally , ibc will assist in serving
china world trade corporation ' s premier club members with business travel
and play an important role in integrating the business resources of the
generation ' s extensive travel network and operating system . ibc will also
company ' s clients with more comprehensive products such as the arrangement
overseas investment consulting services .
business services market in china , said mr . william tsang , president and
chairman of china world trade corporation . we are confident that we will
become one of the pioneers in the business services industry in china . we
tailor - made services in areas such as business consulting , immigration and
investments for our premium clients .
grow ! ! ! !
disclaimer :
information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within
the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve
plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or
looking statements . forward looking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent
that the information contained in this message states all material facts or
not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any
kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on
the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this
the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or
investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section
affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an
fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party
and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this
completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your
acceptance of these terms .
