recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy
risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management
operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck ,
will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this
role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale
while also focusing on the following global responsibilities :
1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals .
2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe .
3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources .
4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel .
5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems .
6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk
management activities .
7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices
and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls .
each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship
within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of
sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities
sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron
her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk
consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product
delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity
trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading .
sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a
experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered
securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned
and managed a retail business for several years .
please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for
global risk management operations .