corp . and a leader in the delivery of high - bandwidth application services ,
offering an online broker resource called brokeriq . the two financial
services companies will use enron  , s epowered  v market cast and the enron
 & these agreements reflect the financial services industry  , s need for better
and faster delivery of online content ,  8 said joe hirko , co - ceo of enron
broadband services .  & the enron intelligent network allows visionary
road - show . com is a fully integrated producer of online streaming media . the
company  , s xvenue  v platform offers clients a turn - key solution for
personalized live or on - demand webcast communications . road - show . com broadly
streams the presentations that companies typically give on road shows prior
 & the enron intelligent network and market cast technology will allow
before  ) real - time company presentations and one of the fastest , richest
educated investment decisions ,  8 said trey fecteau , president of
road - show . com .
services companies and their clients . with its flagship product , brokeriq  v ,
professional brokers and their firms have a complete broker management system
deliver q 4 i . com  , s live and on - demand streaming video clips of golf resorts ,
golf courses , golf real estate , equipment and golf travel for internet users
around the world through golftv  v , q 4 i . com  , s online video network .
q 4 i . com .  & they not only will enjoy on - demand streaming video of financial
special vacation and equipment offers reserved exclusively for our
broker - dealers .  8
enron  , s epowered market cast solution
epowered market cast , an application of the enron intelligent network , is an
their websites . in addition , epowered market cast is a powerful intranet
solution for providing real - time financial news , data feeds , training and
average bit - rate speed of 200 kilobits per second ( kbps ) .
the enron intelligent network is based on distributed server architecture , a
at the closest ein edge server . the result is a tv - quality viewing
deliver the broadband content businesses need is often hampered by packet
loss , interference and other disruptions that slow down transmission speed
and compromise the end user  , s experience .
about enron broadband services
enron broadband services , formerly enron communications , inc . , is a leading
provider of high quality , broadband internet content and applications . the
company  , s business model combines the power of the enron intelligent network ,
enron  , s broadband operating system , bandwidth trading and intermediation
experience and functionality of the internet . enron introduces its broadband
deliver broadband content . enron is also creating a market for bandwidth
increasingly complex applications require . a wholly owned subsidiary of
enron corp . ( nyse : ene ) , enron broadband services can be found on the web at
www . enron . net .
about enron
enron is one of the world  , s leading electricity , natural gas and
communications companies . the company , which owns approximately $ 34 billion
in energy and communications assets , produces electricity and natural gas ,
develops , constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide , delivers
facilitate online business . enron  , s internet address is www . enron . com . the
