the mid - year performance management cycle will begin on may 15 with the
opening of the pep system ( the online " performance evaluation process "
feedback system ) . you will be receiving your password for this system in a
not previously attended training . enrollment for these classes will be
offered through the development center " ernie " system . for employees who are
information .
these sessions will be held on :
all sessions will be held at the doubletree hotel .
for those of you who have attended the training before and who are familiar
with the past performance management process , there have been some
modifications :
1 . the performance management process is now enron wide . all enron feedback
( md ) ; management / professional ; and administration / support ) , which all use
the following criteria :
? innovation / entrepreneurship
? communication / setting direction
? teamwork / interpersonal
? leadership / vision / values
? business instinct
? analytical / technical
2 . the following six performance ratings will be used consistently on the
final feedback forms across enron :
superior
excellent
strong
needs improvement
issues
3 . there will be four recognized peer groups across the company for purposes
of the prc ( formerly the business review meetings ) meeting .
? commercial
? commercial support
? technical
? specialized technical
? compensation decisions
? sharing of performance rating at manager  , s discretion
5 . prc meetings will be reviewed by both functional area & business units
both functional areas and business units will participate in the rating of
functional prc meetings will take place first , followed by the final business
unit meetings . difference in views on an individual employee  , s rating should
be discussed and consensus should be reached . the functional area meetings
are :
- human resources
- government affairs
- rac
- global finance
weblinkhttp : / / home . enron . com / announce / . pdf . if the
quick reference does not display correctly on your pc , call your help desk
7 . the general responsibilities remain the same regarding the overall
process :
employee / reviewer responsibilities :
select 5 - 7 reviewers
complete self - assessment
complete requested feedback forms
reviewers who cannot provide feedback use the decline request feature
supervisor responsibilities :
approve reviewers ( at least 3 of the employee ' s choices )
participate in prc meetings as required
summarize feedback and complete appropriate feedback form
schedule for mid - year performance review
may 15 pep system opens for feedback
june 9 pep system closes for feedback
june 12 functional / business unit prc meetings begin
july 20 prc meetings should finish
july 31 / august 1 vp & md prc meeting
as always , if you have further questions on the performance management
process , you may contact your hr representative .