introduction
hope will improve its effectiveness and usefulness in the management of your
products .
summary of new features
multiple children - a " child " product can be the " parent " of another child
( multiple links in a chain ) and different types of links can be placed
against a single parent .
static product bar prices - when you change a price in the product bar and
in product properties until you logout .
sorting - you can sort by any field on the products tab simply by clicking on
the title of the field . for multiple sorts , hold down your " shift " key .
relationship identified . ( e . g . the product bar might before have said : " basis
link - parent " and now would say " stand alone , parent " ) .
detailed feature descriptions
multiple children
chain , system performance is degraded by large chains . this is because when a
product in the chain before it can process the transaction request . the
database must then update the stack for each product before releasing the
locks . " vertical " chains ( multiple parents and children in one long link ) are
large vertical chains should be avoided .
product b . at the same time , child product c can have a syncopated basis link
basis link and a regular basis link .
static product bar prices
the new version of enrononline provides for " sticky " product bar price and
volume changes . when you change a number on the product bar , it does not
reduces repeated price movements . with the old version of stack manager , if
moves the price , resulting in an increased transaction failure rate . entering
rate .
sorting / selecting
the new version of enrononline provide significant additional sorting
functionality over the old . you can now choose any field heading ( type ,
location , reference period , etc . ) and sort by that item . you can do multiple
sorts by holding down the shift key . example : if you select type and then
location while holding the shift key , you will see your products sorted first
by product type and then within each product type , by location ( in
alphabetical order ) .
when you select products , you can drag your mouse while holding down the left
parent products and f / x products
one of the differences in the way that the new version works is in its
treatment of how parent products are displayed . the old version showed the
does not show the type of link . this is because the new version allows for
more than one type of link on each parent product .
some traders may notice that their products which have f / x links are now
parent , rather than managed individually .
assistance
as always , if you have any problems with any enrononline functionality ,
20 7783 7783 , australia : + 61 2 9229 2300 ) .
general feedback
if you have any comments on the new functionality , or suggestions for further
functionality , please call david forster on 713 853 1861 . if you had
release , rest assured that you have not been forgotten - we are working hard
