moody gardens hotel
september 9 , 2000
frequently asked questions
and answers . look for future updates via email and if you have a question ,
register via email - - the sooner the better ! you provide minimal information
email . note : registration ends august 15 .
? can i bring my children for a family weekend outing ?
? what are check - in and checkout times at the hotel ?
check - in at moody gardens hotel is 4 pm saturday and checkout is at noon
sunday . although early room check - in is unlikely on saturday , employees may
gardens attractions . rooms will be assigned as they become available
throughout saturday . we  , ll give you specifics on the check - in process in
future updates .
? can i reserve a room for friday , september 8 ? what is the room rate ?
a limited number of rooms may be available on friday night for $ 129 . 00
hotel is 888 / 388 - 8484 or 409 / 781 - 8484 .
? should i use my personal credit card for incidental expenses ?
yes , you should use your personal credit card for incidental expenses , such
as long distance phone calls . just present your credit card at check - in .
? what is the dress code for the weekend ?
cocktail attire is appropriate for the anniversary celebration . black tie is
attractions .
reimbursement .
? which meals are included during my hotel stay ?
the celebration includes saturday night cocktails and dinner .
cocktail hour or at dinner . cash bars will be available during the
celebration .
? what time is the official company celebration over ?
dinner saturday night and on sunday . as a reminder , checkout time is at noon
on sunday .
attractions ?
attractions or for a spa service .
? doesn  , t moody gardens have an incredible spa ?
appointments for all spa services . the spa offers a variety of services
including massages , body wraps and treatments , hydrotherapy baths and
appointment .
? does the hotel have a designated parking area ?
complex , behind the hotel . note a posted sign at the parking garage entrance
employee celebration
registration
enjoy easy , speedy registration ?
expect registration confirmation via email .
register early ! register now !
1 ) employee  , s name
2 ) employee  , s daytime phone number
3 ) guest  , s name
? king bed or two queen beds
? smoking or non - smoking room
5 ) dinner only ? yes / no
6 ) do you want  + garden dollars  , for moody gardens hotel or attractions ? yes
/ no