as evidenced by an exceptionally strong performance in the second quarter ,
and maintaining the strong momentum we have in these markets .
growth . we have made significant progress in developing these businesses in
north america , europe , and most recently in our new net works business unit .
included in these global businesses are our efforts in crude and products ,
coal , emissions , insurance , currency , equity trading , interest rates , credit
trading , paper and pulp , and metals .
aggressively expand our core gas and electricity businesses in north america
announcing the formation of a new business unit  ) enron global markets . this
new business unit will focus on markets and commodities which are global in
scope , but outside our traditional gas and power markets . this new core
business unit will operate in parallel with and in close coordination with
the north american and european businesses .
executive officer , and jeff shankman , chief operating officer . they will
mike and jeff will comprise the office of the chairman for enron global
markets .
chairman will be the following businesses and their leaders :
- global crude and products : john nowlan
- currency , equities , interest rate and agricultural trading : gary hickerson
- insurance and weather : jere overdyke
enron  , s metals business and enron credit . com will remain the responsibility
america .
announce the following appointments in that business unit :
- jeff mcmahon : president and chief operating officer
- louise kitchen : chief commercial officer
- philippe bibi : chief technology officer
jeff , louise and philippe , along with greg whalley , will comprise the office
of the chairman for enron net works .
the chairman as chief operating officer . dave delainey will assume the role
of president and chief executive officer . mark frevert will retain his role
both enron global markets and enron europe .
please join us in congratulating everyone in their new assignments and in
supporting the new enron global markets organisation .