dear daren farmer ,
70 % less than the average standard rates . we call these expedia
special rates , and it ' s all about saving you money . when you
search for a hotel on expedia . com , just look for the " expedia
special rates " icon and you ' ll know you ' re getting this special rate .
right now , you can take advantage of an expedia special rate
at the brand - new aladdin resort in las vegas . this spectacular
hotel just opened , and it features one of the largest collections of
shopping , dining , entertainment , and gaming options available in
las vegas . see what it ' s all about :
5117
travel news
every week , we bring you the travel updates so you can
make exactly the right travel choices .
d . c . art show makes an " impression "
what do you mean your kids don ' t understand van gogh ,
sionistart . asp
garden , which is the largest of its kind outside of china . as you
pass through the moongates of this oregon chinese garden ,
egarden . asp
sail out of sydney with olympic legends
skater dan jansen .
cs . asp
see what ' s new in other places : http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / travnews /
your faretracker low fares
the lowest round trip fares found by your fellow travelers on the routes
you
selected .
you can change your fare tracker subscription at :
in the world . all three airport pairs that you have in your
faretracker subscription are no longer supported . please click
airport pairs we do currently track fares for :
check out all your route and fare options with our flight wizard :
special deals
excellent value on unforgettable experiences .
beaches , sunsets , and open ocean . see for yourself what
makes hawaii so great .
you ' ll get a luxury room in cozumel , breakfast , and diving
tickets for two .
discover some of the finest cities in mexico and indulge
yourself at sea .
experience the city of brotherly love . package includes
looking for more great deals on expedia . com ? see our
special deals at :
blue nile travel advisory : protect your new wedding rings
* make sure the rings fit snugly , so they ' re not lost during outdoor
activities .
policy
safe .
for education and guidance in selecting the perfect diamond , or for a
gift
nile .
for details see :
thank you again for traveling with expedia . com .
expedia . com travel team
don ' t just travel . travel right .
http : / / expedia . com /
you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered
member of expedia . com . your expedia membership is free and
your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed . questions ?
visit the expedia . com service center at :
http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / service /
( c ) 1998 , 1999 , 2000 expedia , inc . all rights reserved .
- attl . htm