on wednesday , sept . 13 , we will be using the new version of enrononline
( website and stack manager ) for all north american internal users .
this is a live website and all trades are real .
content of this email
1 . introduction
2 . version 2 . 0 launch date
3 . new website features
4 . new stack manager features
5 . your participation
6 . contacts
1 . introduction
next few days . in preparation for this launch , the new web site will be
european internal users will be launched shortly after north america .
http : / / prod . enrononline . com ( no www . ) this is a live web site and all trades
are real .
new features ( as per recent presentations and training sessions ) include :
? price limit orders
? floating windows
? market news and quotes
? weather maps and tables
? industry - specific publications
? market - specific homepages
2 . version 2 . 0 launch date
3 . new website feature details
available . the limit orders remain open in the system until they are
executed , cancelled by the user , or when they expire . all pending orders will
expire no later than 12 hours after being placed .
pending price limit orders will appear in a new window below the quotes
screen in the website .
create separate page tabs for the products that interest them . users can
be changed by clicking on a column heading , with multiple sorts possible by
holding down the shift key while clicking .
different products by right - clicking on the products in the main quotes
screen .
category heading .
exchanges around the world .
industry publications : website users can read a wide range of
industry - specific publications including argus european natural gas , argus
desk , coal daily and more .
4 . new stack manager features
open a window showing a summary of the best price limit order bids and offers
against that product .
under normal circumstances , the price shown on the website will be the same
show a price which is better than an existing price limit order . instead , the
limit order while it is being filled . once the appropriate price limit orders
are filled , then the website will again show your stack manager prices .
it is important that you complete the  & maximum volume  8 field in the product
properties window and that you select " allow price limit orders " . also , make
sure that the price tick window in the stack manager  , s  & product properties  8
5 . your participation
6 . contacts
if you have any further questions that are not answered above please feel
the americas :
+ 1 ( 713 ) 853 - 4357 ( help )
asia and australia
+ 61 2 9229 2300
all other regions
+ 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 7783