california  , s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last several
months . unfortunately , this debate has generated more heat than light . we
please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation
and our position on california energy issues .
what happened in california
the source of california  , s current problem is as straightforward as supply
and demand . california  , s economy grew 29 percent since 1998 . this increased
predictably , is a shortage . this summer , peak capacity will be about 10
power is extraordinarily volatile . the way firms behave in a free market
california , state regulation prevented this strategy . this would be the
equivalent of putting the entire state on an adjustable rate mortgage in the
most volatile interest rate environment imaginable . everything was fine
while the power surplus persisted , but when shortages ensued , every megawatt
was purchased at the sky rocketing spot price .
second , retail markets were not deregulated . regulated retail rates remained
regulated retail rate . they are now nearly bankrupt .
in short , california  , s problems were caused by regulation , not deregulation .
spot prices .
at the time california was developing its restructuring plan , enron warned
the state  , s policy makers about these risks and proposed alternatives , which ,
if adopted , would have averted the current crisis .
enron  , s role
the problem . power sellers , including enron , have been vilified by the
politicians and the media . here are the facts :
state of california . every megawatt we sold in california we bought in the
interested only in having a market that works so that we can package products
demand for our products and services .
the solution
state must increase supply , reduce demand , reduce reliance on the spot market
and shore up the financial stability of the state  , s utilities .
increasing supply
california  , s process for siting and permitting new generation is nothing
short of byzantine . enron has built plants elsewhere in the country in less
must streamline this process . ironically , while many of the regulations
displacing current plants , which emit 40 times as much nox . california can
have abundant power and cleaner air by expediting the permitting of new
facilities .
reducing demand
they pay the same rate no matter what the market price is . an open retail
market would trigger demand responses , which would balance supply and demand
reducing reliance on the spot market
volatile spot prices by purchasing some of their requirements on a longer
term , fixed - price basis . the state has instead left procurement in the hands
price risk .
their costs so they can pay their bills and invest in the transmission and
needed .
just as important as doing these things , the state must avoid policies that ,
while politically attractive , do not fix the problem or even make matters
worse . price caps have been proposed . they don  , t work ; have never worked ;
ineffectively the government would be in determining , for example , whether it
shortage worse .
the state will be more effective than free markets at investing in ,
constructing , operating and maintaining assets . this will also result in
california tax revenues being spent on power transmission and power
as you are approached by people outside the company or are learning about the
