bammelyoungfamilies
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
start your own free email list at http : / / www . listbot . com / links / joinlb
this is a statement that was read over the pa system at the football game
mcloud , on september 1 , 2000 . i thought it was worth sharing with the
just how far this country has gone in the wrong direction .
is a violation of federal case law .
approve of sexual perversion and call it an alternate lifestyle , and if
someone is offended , that ' s ok .
calling it safe sex . if someone is offended , that ' s ok .
unborn baby as a viable means of birth control . if someone is offended , no
problem .
i can designate a school day as earth day and involve students in
and call it ecology .
i can use literature , videos and presentations in the classroom that depict
people with strong , traditional christian convictions as simple minded and
ignorant and call it enlightenment .
this event with safety and good sportsmanship , federal case law is
violated .
his commandments .
intentional transgression .
yet . "
and . . . one by one , the people in the stands bowed their heads , held hands
in the team huddles . they prayed at the concession stand . and they prayed
in the announcer ' s box . the only place they didn ' t pray was in the supreme
court of the united states of america - the seat of " justice " in the one
nation under god .
praise god that his remnant remains !
let ' s celebrate jesus in 2001
jesus said , " if you are ashamed of me , i will be ashamed of you before my
father . "
- - - - - - - - -
if you are not ashamed , pass this on . . . but only if you mean it .
yes , i do love god . he is my source of existence and savior . he keeps me
functioning each and every day . without him , i will be nothing . without
him , i am nothing but with him , i can do all things through christ that
strengthens me . phil 4 : 13
geoff gayle
synergy oil & gas , inc .
office : ( 713 ) 461 - 6626 x . 113
fax : ( 713 ) 461 - 4475
email : ggayle @ synergyog . com
