for immediate release
june 26 , 2001
premiere with texas a & m football
espn will launch a 13 - episode , prime - time series this fall entitled
sidelines , the network ' s second reality - based title under the espn
original
entertainment ( eoe ) banner . sidelines will document the season of a
less
celebrated people who are involved with the team . the football aggies
of
venture
be
more thrilled that espn has chosen texas a & m for this series . the
of
its tradition and heritage is something we could not pass up . "
be
are
players
fashion , but will not be the primary focus .
" this is a good opportunity for texas a & m university and we ' re delighted
behind
with
them . "
reflect
every aspect of the university and college station , texas . they will be
of
said mark shapiro , vice president and general manager , espn original
entertainment . " sidelines will see each person grow in character as the
season progresses - - a kind of ' soap - umentary . ' we ' ll weave the smaller
and
fate of the team and its season . "
- - this is the 125 th anniversary of the school ' s founding ( 1876 ) .
- - the community is still very much dealing with the 1999 bonfire
collapse
which tragically killed 12 students almost two years ago . a 90 - year
emotional
important
part of this series . the bonfire will return in 2002 but will take on a
different form than has been tradition .
- - texas a & m , who lost a wild , snowy independence bowl last year in
overtime
oklahoma ,
great
drama .
- - the school invented the phrase " 12 th man " and actually owns the
trademark .
one game , the aggies were low on players and had a student suit up and
stand
ready just in case he was needed . ever since , a student is chosen for
every
- - billy pickard is in charge of maintaining the facilities . he ' s been at
the
university for 36 years and was the student trainer for bear bryant ' s
a & m
team . he was actually in junction , texas for bryant ' s infamous grueling
- - at midnight on the friday night before every home game , a "
30 , 000
fans show up each week for this time - honored tradition .
eoe , the newest franchise of espn programming , will develop a
wide - variety
of branded programming outside of the network ' s traditional event and
sports
news genres . using a collection of vehicles - - game shows , documentaries
or
appealing
exploring
platforms of the espn family - television , internet , radio
- atm -