thoughts on texas a & m . . .
fox sports show host jim rome
red ass , and how bonfire represents the burning sensation they have in
2 ) forget the fact that when the texas legislature back in the 1870 ' s
subsidiary branch of the main school ( university of texas ) that would teach
where they get that i don ' t now . . . . . . the fact is , the state intended a & m
3 ) so they apparently have this complex , so much so , that they must
devote
all the while , nobody at ut denies that a & m is a good school , yet they
won ' t shut up . so they write a fight song . . . . . . about ? . . . . texas , and how
them how bad texas is and how good a & m and all its traditions are . it is
the world ' s largest known case of penis envy , and it is manifested in
everything a & m does .
a & m .
there are some nice people there . however . . . there is the corp . east texas '
forget the fact that a however ,
the military world . just because you dress like the army , and try and act
like the army , does not make you the army . people at a & m don ' t even respect
television and call it a tradition . dry humping 18 year old girls in the
stands at football games is not cool . not only is it not cool , it should be
mount each other on the campus lawn , or in the middle of class , or anytime
start sucking on her face . but everywhere else in the world , it is looked
down upon . especially if you are doing it on my tv . that is why we have
gagging on their turkey when in the middle of watching a football game ,
them a veil .
6 ) " t . u . " is not funny . it is not insulting . it is dumb . just imagine if
funny . in fact , it would be retarded . that ' s why ut fans don ' t do it .
please learn .
sheep , of people that aren ' t stupid ? then quit building things that fall
down . quit chasing cheerleaders around with swords on national tv . quit
whooping in church . quit whooping period . quit putting up scoreboards for
the enjoyment of dead mammals . quit spending your friday nights practicing
governor . when you are filling out season ticket renewals , and the form
asks for your phone # , h & w , quit putting 258 - 3999 , height 6 ' 3 " , weight
education why they cheer for a & m and wear maroon . that is your fan base .
this is why you are perceived by the educated masses as stupid .
8 ) nobody cares if you think your band is better . they might be louder ,
they might march in neat little zig zags , but they have no musical ability .
the point is , nobody cares who wins halftime . quit getting geeked up about
school band ' s entire halftime performance . and why ? cause nobody cared then
and nobody cares now . plus , you can hear them fine sitting down even if you
do care . why is it cool all of a sudden now that you ' re in college ?
9 ) men should never let out high pitched whooping sounds . perhaps the
only
anal probe . oh wait . . . i understand now .
10 ) dogs are not ladies . they don ' t look or smell like ladies . dogs eat
should be the end of this comparison . if you feel that life doesn ' t get any
better than the dixie chicken , and enjoy being stuck in a never ending
and final resting place of all that is cool .
school at a & m , please don ' t be an aggie .
god bless the great state of texas .
brian puls
software engineer
lockheed martin - enterprise solutions
281 218 - 2740