regards ,
amy brock
hbd marketing team
office : 281 - 988 - 2157
cell : 713 - 702 - 6815
- - - - - original message - - - - -
bart boren ; bill boykin ; bill cooper ; billie cagle ; billy lee ; bob maughmen ;
bob schuman ; bonita johnson ; chad wing ; cheryl ; connie stuckey ; corby
goodman ; craig gardner ; dale miller ; dan crawford ; dan michael ; darryl
fuller ; david attaway ; david tucker ; debbie scott ; derric moore ; dirk
morris ; don paradis ; doug scott ; dwight wiedenmann ; frank kaul ; glenn bone ;
gene gallegos ; greg elder ; harold reardon ; j walker ; james bement ; james
benkley ; james jackson ; jay ringhoffer ; jayson fitts ; jerry lewis ; jerry r
jackson ; joel christal ; john allen ; john jennings ; john muniz ; john nava ;
john peters ; john ringhisen ; john songer ; john vigil ; jorge manrique ; joseph
brock ; k kelly hebert ; kerrel wilderman ; kevin carathers ; kevin kysar
( memo ) ; larry bloomer ; larry smith ; lavelle robert ; lavonne bell ; leigh ann
boren ; llboren 2 @ aol . com ; loraleigh daum ; lori ;
lucile leigh ; mark upchurch ; max whiteley ; mike brogdin ; mike jantz ; moon
lafollette ; rob mc garraugh ; robbie carter ; robert welborn ; roger engle ; ron
cooper ; roy headlee ; scott carr ; shirley waller ; spence hummell ; stacie
buchanan ; wynona
america : the good neighbor .
widespread but only partial news coverage was given
trenchant remarks as printed in the congressional
record :
americans as the most generous and possibly the
least appreciated people on all the earth . germany ,
were lifted out of the debris of war by the
americans who poured in billions of dollars and
forgave other billions in debts .
states . when france was in danger of collapsing in
1956 , it was the americans who propped it up , and
streets of paris . i was there . i saw it .
when earthquakes hit distant cities , it is the
nobody helped . the marshall plan and the truman
countries . now newspapers in those countries are
writing about the decadent , warmongering americans .
gloating over the erosion of the united states
dollar build its own airplane . does any other
boeing jumbo jet , the lockheed tri - star , or the
douglas dcl 0 ?
if so , why don ' t they fly them ? why do all the
international lines except russia fly american
planes ? why does no other land on earth even
consider putting a man or woman on the moon ? you
talk about japanese technocracy , and you get radios .
you talk about german technocracy , and you get
and you find men on the moon - not once , but several
times - and safely home again .
you talk about scandals , and the americans put
look at . even their draft - dodgers are not pursued
and hounded . they are here on our streets , and most
of them , unless they are breaking canadian laws , are
spend here .
when the railways of france , germany and india were
breaking down through age , it was the americans who
rebuilt them . when the pennsylvania railroad and the
new york central went broke , nobody loaned them an
old caboose . both are still broke .
i can name you 5000 times when the americans raced
americans in trouble ? i don ' t think there was
outside help even during the san francisco
earthquake .
our neighbors have faced it alone , and i ' m one
canadian who is damned tired of hearing them get
kicked around . they will come out of this thing
with their flag high . and when they do , they are
gloating over their present troubles . i hope canada
is not one of those . "
stand proud , america ! wear it proudly ! !
read regarding the united states . it is nice that
one man realizes it . i only wish that the rest of
the world would realize it . we are always blamed for
everything , and never even get a thank you for the
things we do .
many people as you can and emphasize that they
the united states
