original prayer was given - i can not imagine people walking out of prayers
at this point in time . . .
regards ,
amy brock
hbd marketing team
office : 281 - 988 - 2157
cell : 713 - 702 - 6815
- - - - - original message - - - - -
degeare ; beverly edwards ; misty floyd ; leah haynes ; michele huneke ; john ;
leslie ; vicki moyer ; kim pope ; kerri williams
note : forwarded message attached .
terrorist attacks on u . s . - how can you help ?
donate cash , emergency relief information
http : / / dailynews . yahoo . com / fc / us / emergency _ information / >
message - id :
date : mon , 17 sep 2001 08 : 12 : 51 - 0500
mime - version : 1 . 0
x - mailer : internet mail service ( 5 . 5 . 2653 . 19 )
content - type : text / plain
we might make on our world if only we would be willing
opening prayer - - kansas state senate
thought you might enjoy this interesting prayer given
in kansas at the opening session of their senate . it
seems prayer still upsets some people .
session of the kansas senate , everyone was expecting
the usual generalities , but this is what they heard :
we might make on our world if only we would be willing
opening prayer - - kansas state senate
thought you might enjoy this interesting prayer given
in kansas at the opening session of their senate . it
seems prayer still upsets some people .
session of the kansas senate , everyone was expecting
the usual generalities , but this is what they heard :
guidance .
good " , but that is exactly what we have done .
we have lost our spiritual equilibrium and reversed
our values . we confess that .
we have ridiculed the absolute truth of your word and
called it pluralism .
we have exploited the poor and called it the lottery ,
we have rewarded laziness and called it welfare ,
we have killed our unborn and called it choice ,
we have shot abortionists and called it justifiable ,
called it building self - esteem ,
we have abused power and called it politics ,
we have coveted our neighbor ' s possessions and called
it ambition ,
we have polluted the air with profanity and
pornography and called it freedom of statement ,
we have ridiculed the time - honored values of our
forefathers and called it enlightenment .
in the name of your son , the living savior , jesus
christ . " amen . ! ! "
walked out during the prayer in protest . in 6 short
weeks , central christian church , where rev . wright is
47 of those calls responding negatively . the church
is now receiving international requests for copies of
ever aired . with the lord ' s help , may this prayer
sweep over our nation and wholeheartedly become our
desire so that we again can be called , " one nation
under god . " if possible , please pass this prayer on
than 30 days it would be heard by the world .
terrorist attacks on u . s . - how can you help ?
donate cash , emergency relief information
